README.md, before:

# Talkdesk SDK iOS Integration Example
This repository contains a simple iOS project that integrates with Talkdesk SDK in order to run an interaction. It implements the application-specific part of the [authorization mechanism](http://mobile-dev.talkdeskapp.com/ios/docs/release/0.5.0/authorization.html) of the SDK and can be used with the [Talkdesk SDK Ruby Server Sample](https://www.github.com/Talkdesk/mobile-sdk-ruby-server-sample).

## How to Run

1. Check out the [Talkdesk SDK Ruby Server Sample](https://www.github.com/Talkdesk/mobile-sdk-ruby-server-sample) and follow the instructions to run it locally using the account-specific [OAuth client secrets](https://docs.talkdesk.com/docs/auth) provided by Talkdesk.
2. Make sure you have the latest **Xcode** and **Cocoapods** installed. Check out the project and run `pod install` on the root folder.
3. Open **SDKSample.xcworkspace** and navigate to `AuthorizationController.swift` under the **Service configuration** mark. Fill the values for the Basic Auth username and password in `authorizationUsername` and `authorizationPassword`.
4. Update the `authorizationEndpoint` value accordingly if you have made changes to the Ruby Server Sample code that affect the endpoint it is running on. Replace `localhost` with the machine's IP address if you intend to run it in a different device (rather than a simulator).
5. Run the app on a simulator or device and tap "**Start Interaction**". You should see the following message and screen:


![integration](integration.png)

5. If this is not what you are seeing, here is a quick troubleshooting checklist:

   1. **Is the server running and reachable?** Make sure the Ruby Server Sample is running on the same network as your device or simulator. You can use a proxy such as [Charles](https://www.charlesproxy.com) to make sure the request is being made and to verify its contents.

   2. **Does the server return a 201 status code?** Check the logs of the Ruby Server Sample. Did it receive a request when you pressed the button? What status code did it respond with? If the status code is not 201, check the service configuration both on the Server Sample (`.env`) and app.

Commit message:

Improve README.md
- Add "How to configure an intention" section with details on how to
change the intention from the storyboard
- Add authentication diagrams

README.md, after:

# Talkdesk SDK iOS Integration Example
This repository contains a simple iOS project that integrates with Talkdesk SDK in order to run an interaction. It implements the application-specific part of the [authorization mechanism](http://mobile-dev.talkdeskapp.com/ios/docs/release/0.5.0/authorization.html) of the SDK and can be used with the [Talkdesk SDK Ruby Server Sample](https://www.github.com/Talkdesk/mobile-sdk-ruby-server-sample).

## How to Run

1. Check out the [Talkdesk SDK Ruby Server Sample](https://www.github.com/Talkdesk/mobile-sdk-ruby-server-sample) and follow the instructions to run it locally using the account-specific [OAuth client secrets](https://docs.talkdesk.com/docs/auth) provided by Talkdesk.
2. Make sure you have the latest **Xcode** and **Cocoapods** installed. Check out the project and run `pod install` on the root folder.
3. Open **SDKSample.xcworkspace** and navigate to `AuthorizationController.swift` under the **Service configuration** mark. Fill the values for the Basic Auth username and password in `authorizationUsername` and `authorizationPassword`.
4. Update the `authorizationEndpoint` value accordingly if you have made changes to the Ruby Server Sample code that affect the endpoint it is running on. Replace `localhost` with the machine's IP address if you intend to run it in a different device (rather than a simulator).
5. Run the app on a simulator or device and tap "**Start Interaction**". You should see the following message and screen:


![Default behavior of the example app.](Images/integration.png)

5. If this is not what you are seeing, here is a quick troubleshooting checklist:

   1. **Is the server running and reachable?** Make sure the Ruby Server Sample is running on the same network as your device or simulator. You can use a proxy such as [Charles](https://www.charlesproxy.com) to make sure the request is being made and to verify its contents.

   2. **Does the server return a 201 status code?** Check the logs of the Ruby Server Sample. Did it receive a request when you pressed the button? What status code did it respond with? If the status code is not 201, check the service configuration both on the Server Sample (`.env`) and app.

## How to configure an intention

This example app is using the SDK's storyboard-based integration rather than programmatic integration.

If your account has different flows you want to try out, follow the steps described below to change the intention being used.

![How to change the intention being used.](Images/intention.png)

1. Open **Main.storyboard**.
2. Under the **Interaction View Controller Scene**, click on **Interaction View Controller**.
3. Open the Identity Inspector tab.
4. Under **User Defined Runtime Attributes**, change the value field of `intentionName` to the desired intention.

## Authentication diagrams

In the following diagram you can see how the authentication is performed and which components are involved.
![Talkdesk ID Authentication](Images/auth.png)

For a production-grade application we recommend the more sophisticated but more secure implementation with push notifications.
![Talkdesk ID Push Authentication](Images/auth-push.png)
